[Process] allow to ignore signals when executing a process (#53968)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Process/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.1
---

>  * added 'Process::setIgnoredSignals' to disable signal propagation to the child process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `Process::setIgnoredSignals()` to disable signal propagation to the child process
```
